HW 6
written.text

Name: Joel Brandinger
Login ID: jbrand12


Written #1:  How I tested my code
---------------------------------

Test 1: To test that the class Animal had been properly created and that 
        each member variable had been properly stored from the file, I created
        a variable "a" of type Animal in main. The file was read into "a" 
        and a.print() was called. The first line of short_amimals_db 
        properly printed meaning the at least the first line of the file
        was properly read. 
    
Test  2: To test that the class Animal_Array_List had been properly created,
         a variable called "all_animals" of class Animal_Array_List was declared
         in main. The file was read and each member was stored in the array. 
         The print function was then called and all animals in the short db 
         properly printed.
         
         The first time this test was ran it incorrectly only printed 8/10
         animals in the short db file. The error was found to be that that
         expand was incorrectly written to only expand once. Therefore, the
         array  only had space for 8 animals.
         
Test 3: To test the classification report function I intitialized the db
        and created an if statement that would check if the cmd was 
        classification. If so the classification report was ran, else all
        the animals in the db were printed. 
        
        At first try the program had no outputs when I tested the command. 
        I found the issue to be that I hadn't create a response for when no
        matching animals were found. And since I was only running the small db
        and no "crustaceans" existed the program had no output.
        
        After correcting for the error the proper classifications printed for
        all the appropriate commands with the small and large db.
        
 Conclusion: Upon review I probably should have ran more smaller tests, but I
             found it very easy to get caught up in the moment while coding 
             and just end up testing each section as a whole. Fortunately, 
             it seems to have worked out alright this time. 


Written #2:  How much time I spent on this assignment
-----------------------------------------------------

I spent approximately 7 hours total working on this homework.

